I had that dream again the one with the
rabbits and they're Molotov cocktails
damn killer rabbits surprise
out of her face she's alive she knows
for that you she's Italian I'm not even
gonna ask how I'm still alive because
you know what I think I think I died
long ago when you tore my turtle
punishment you're like a constant downer
hon honestly ossifer on that under the
alco fluence of Inca Hall of something
compete but the drinker i stand here the
longer I get I've only had T martuni's
and I've got all day sober to Sunday up
in so sits on you Pistor you ain't so
mucking fuch Hut know what makes you
think you're so smoking fart
oh yes nice to mull you meet you nice to
meet your mole don't seem oh I said mo
I've administered beatings to nearly
3,000 clients you're a cat what are you
gawking at what's so unusual about a
talking cat these days anyway oh come on
now it's unusual all right it's just
crazy you think it's weird don't you I'm
afraid I have to disagree in my tribe
cats are looked at as intelligent to see
that one is able to talk I'm not
surprised no that's not what I meant
wait is it me am I a weirdo I mean now
you're trembling mortals I am your Lord
and Master this is a nightmare